today we're going to be installing hitch
part number 60 873 from hidden hitch on
a 2008 nissan altima okay the first
thing we want to do is to open up the
trunk and remove the carpeting from the
trunk floor as well as any fiberboard
bends that may be located in here as
well the first thing we want to do is to
remove the ground wire off of the
exhaust here then after that we're going
to come over and unbolt the exhaust from
the flange here remove both bolts which
is going to allow us to take the exhaust
off of the rubber isolator hanger which
is up in here and then we want to repeat
that for the other side as well as you
can see i removed the exhaust here we're
actually looking at the driver's side
you see how much room we've got now the
next step we want to go ahead and gently
bend the heat shield out of the way
towards the frame rail making sure not
to break it the hitch arms are actually
going to go up in between the spare tire
well and the frame up in this crease up
in here so we want to bend it back
enough to ensure that the hitch can go
up there fairly easily and then next
we're going to go ahead and put the
hitch up into position and we're going
to mark the holes so that we know where
to drill them ok now that we've got our
holes mark we can go ahead and draw out
our holes I'm going to start by using a
quarter inch pilot hole drill those out
check my alignment with the hitch and
make sure that everything is still
aligned ok once we've checked alignment
we're going to go ahead and enlarge this
whole 716
okay the quarter inch holes drilled out
and put the hitch back up here just make
sure that our holes align ok now I can
go ahead and take the hitch back down
and dro it out to 716
okay now that we've got the holes
drilled we want to go back into the
trunk area now we want to make sure that
we go ahead and deeper the holes that we
just drilled and make sure there's no
extra metal around the holes after that
we want to go ahead and put the plates
in a position and drop the bolts through
okay now that we got the hitch up in
position and the hardware in place we're
gonna go ahead and torque it down now
the torque rating for these bulbs as
listed in the instructions is 50
foot-pounds all right now we get the
hitch up and position torque down we
just wanna go ahead and put the exhaust
back on going to make sure we fold our
heat shield back into place
with the exhaust back up into place we
want to go ahead and go back inside the
trunk well now and we want to go ahead
and use some form of a silicone sealant
all the way around the plate that we
installed here in the trunk to make sure
that no the exhaust fumes can come up
and through the trunk and with the
silicone around the plates we can go
ahead and put our components back into
the trunk and this concludes the
installation of hitch part number 60 873
on a 2008 nissan altima
you